# AirClip
## About AirClip

## Table of Contents
- [About AirClip](#about-airclip)
- [Getting Started](#getting-started)
    - [Required Libraries and Third-Party Tools](#required-libraries-and-third-party-tools)
    - [Building from Source Code](#building-from-source-code)
- [Features](#features)
- [Running the Application](#running-the-application)
- [Running the Tests](#running-the-tests)
- [Authors](#authors)

## Required Libraries and Third-Party Tools
To **build and run** AirClip, you will need the following libraries and tools:
### Libraries
1. **Wt**: A C++ library for developing web applications.
    - Version: (Refer to Wt's official documentation for compatible versions)
    - [Official Website](https://www.webtoolkit.eu/wt)
    - Installation: Follow the installation guidelines provided by the official Wt documentation.
2. **SQLite3**: A C library that provides a lightweight disk-based database.
    - [Official Website](https://www.sqlite.org/)
    - Installation:
      Depending on your OS, you can typically use a package manager. For example, on Ubuntu you can use the command:
      ```
      sudo apt-get install libsqlite3-dev
      ```
## Features
- User-friendly web interface 
- Clipboard history management 
- Clipboard synchronization across different devices and Operating Systems
- Built with modern C++ practices using the Wt library

## Building from Source Code
### Prerequisites
- A modern C++ compiler (e.g., GCC, Clang)
- CMake (Version 3.26 or higher recommended)
- Wt Library and its dependencies

### Running the Application
1. **Clone the Repository:** Begin by cloning the AirClip repository to your local machine.  
```
git clone https://repo.csd.uwo.ca/scm/compsci3307_f2023/group36.git
```
2. **Navigate to the Directory:** Change to the directory containing the source code.  
```
cd AirClip
```
3. **Create a Build Directory:** It's a good practice to keep build files separate from the source. Do this by creating a directory where the build files will be generated.  
```
mkdir build
```  
```
cd build
```
4. **Run CMake:**
Use CMake to generate the build system. 
        
    a. If Wt is installed in the standard directory, simply run:  
    
    ```
    cmake ..
    ```
    
    b. Otherwise, if Wt is not installed in the standard directory, then you'll need to run the command below. And you'll to replace `[path_to_wt_config]` with the path to your `WtConfig.cmake` or `wt-config` file if it's not in the default system 
    
```
cmake .. -DCMAKE_PREFIX_PATH=[path_to_wt_config]
``` 
5. **Build the project:** Compile the project using the build system generated by CMake.  
```
make
```
6. **Run the Application:**: After a successful build, you can run AirClip from the build directory:  
```
./AirClip
```
   
## Authors
- Jarrett Norman Joseph Boersen (jboerse2@uwo.ca)
- Robert Ghita (rghita@uwo.ca)
- Yaopeng Xie (yxie447@uwo.ca)
- Binchi Zhang (bzhan484@uwo.ca)
- Tingrui Zhang (tzhan425@uwo.ca)